Update "navigating mosviz UI" docs (#340)
spacetelescope/jdaviz: docs/mosviz/navigation.rst

Navigating the UI
*****************

The Mosviz User Interface contains an image viewer in the top left section and
a 2D spectrum viewer over a specviz viewer in the top right section. The bottom
section houses the :ref:`table viewer<table-viewer>`.
The image viewer contains all of the same functionality as an image viewer
in Cubeviz, with the addition that there is a :ref:`slit overlay<slit-overlay>` that uses data from a
spectrum 2d file that is linked to the image file to determine where to plot the slit.

> The 2D spectrum viewer and the specviz viewer have their x axes’ locked, meaning that
> when you Pan/Zoom in one viewer, the exact same action happens in the other.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The 2D spectrum viewer and the 1D spectrum viewer viewer have their x axes locked to one another, meaning that
when you pan or zoom the x axis in one viewer, the same action happens in the other.
```

Minor wording suggestions

Author: Good suggestions! Yeah I had it as "1D spectrum viewer" originally but I wasn't sure if we wanted to stick with that terminology or start to shift towards "specviz viewer". I agree though that it's better to stay consistent until we all agree on something else.
